Andres and I met up to start working on what we think would be the most difficult part to build for our final robot, which is figuring out how to incorporate Lazy Susan to help turn parts of our final robot - specifically the neck and the head. 

We didn't immediately dive into building what we were going to put on our final robot design as we wanted to first make sure that we got the concept right, actually tried building it, then start building what we are going to use for our final design. 

We understood the concept of how the Lazy Susan was supposed to work, but when we actually started to build it we encountered a lot more difficulties. 

The main thing that we had difficulty with is with the hub, or the wheel hub. We couldn't figure out which side the hub was supposed to face, whether the "mouth" part was supposed to face downwards or upwards. We tried going back and looking at how we built our robot's wheels with the hub, but realized it was a different build as the wheel was directly attached to the motor while ours had the Lazy Susan as well as two other cardboards on each side. Realizing this didn't work, we went back to the drawings/sketches that were made by Michael the previous class but we still couldn't figure out which side the hub should be facing and whether we needed to include another piece of wood in between the cardboard and the hub. Throughout the entire process, we had disassemble and assemble all the screws, nuts, bolts as each time we tried spinning the Lazy Susan to test it out, it would always spin in an un-smooth way. But then later on we figured out that we had to use a caster to screw the little screws beside the hub to make it locked into the servomotor. To be frank, we're still not sure if the prototype we made with the Lazy Susan is exactly correct but we will confirm with Michael later. 

Another difficulty is to figure out the wiring, specifically where to plug the servomotors to which pins on the Arduino as well as the H-bridge. For us, we tried directly using jumper wires to connect from the servomotor to the Arduino Mega board and even tried uploading a sample code for a servomotor to turn 180 degrees from the Arduino website. But nothing happened when we uploaded the code, we weren't sure if it was the wiring or the code. 
